Adds Detailed Quick Start Instructions (#1)
alexfornuto/romm-wiki: Quick-Start-Guide.md

> Here is a quick start guide to get you up and running with your RomM instance!  The guide will be split into 3 parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quick start guide will help you get a RomM instance up and running. It is split into 3 parts:
```

More concise, slightly more formal punctuation.

- Prepare - preparing the environment before executing any code.
- Build

> - Configure

Reviewer: Suggest for consistency either describing all or no points.

---

### Prepare

This guide will assume that you already have the following done, if not - stop here and come back when you do.

> 1. Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system of choice.

Reviewer: Are we already presuming a *nix-like system? We should be specific here.

> 2. OpenSSL on the machine that will run RomM.

Reviewer: The phrasing between this line and the previous one causes confusion. Is my "system of choice" above different from "the machine that will run RomM"?

> 3. A Twitch.tv account.

Reviewer: Is this required, or optional? Won't RomM run without it, and just not scrape game info? Is the optional MobyGames account listed below a possible direct replacement, or additive to this one?

4. 2 Factor Authentication set up on your Twitch account. *This is a requirement to get a dev account and an IGDB key*
5. A MobyGames account. *(optional)

> 6. Roms organized in the correct format.

Reviewer: I suggest here and throughout using `1.` for all numbered steps. Markdown renderers *should* (I haven't used the GH wiki) auto-increment them when properly formatted. This makes it easier to add or remove steps in the future.

##### Getting an IGDB Key

> This will allow you to generate a key to pull the metadata for your roms using Twitch's IGDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to generate a key to pull  metadata for your roms using Twitch's IGDB.
```

1. Navigate to [Twitch's dev site](https://dev.twitch.tv/https:/).

> 2. Hit ****Log in with Twitch** in the top right of the screen and log in with your Twitch account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hit **Log in with Twitch** in the top right of the screen and log in with your Twitch account.
```

Or add a third on the end, not sure which combo of bold and italic you were going for here.

3. Select **Applications** on the left hand menu, followed by the ***Register Your Application*** button.

![](assets\Register_Application.png)

> 4. You will now be brought to the registration screen, fill out the following information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You will now be brought to the registration screen, fill out the following information:
```

>    1. Name: A **Globally Unique** name for your application.  If you try to enter a name that already exists, it won't work and gives you an unhelpful error message.  I recommend following this format: Romm-(MD5 Hash of current date in UTC), as it is nearly impossible that it exists already. e.g. *RoMM-f3e5102b2d4e87cd283fc65907e8a8f0*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Name: A **Globally Unique** name for your application.  If you try to enter a name that already exists, it won't work and gives you an unhelpful error message.  I recommend following this format: Romm-(MD5 Hash of current date in UTC), as it is nearly impossible that it exists already. e.g. `RoMM-f3e5102b2d4e87cd283fc65907e8a8f0`.
```

>    2. OAuth Redirect URLs: The FQDN where your RomM instance will be hosted.  You only need to specify http://localhost if you intend to run/access it locally, otherwise you should enter the FQDN of your domain, this needs to be accesible via https.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. OAuth Redirect URLs: The FQDN where your RomM instance will be hosted.  You only need to specify http://localhost if you intend to run/access it locally. Otherwise you should enter the FQDN of your domain which needs to be accessible via HTTPS.
```

   3. Category: Application Integration.

>    4. Client Type: Confidential.

Reviewer: Since these are both sub-steps and not required to be run in order, consider changing to an unordered list.

> ![](assets\IGDB_Creation.png)

Reviewer: Indent to avoid starting a new ordered list.

```suggestion
    ![](assets\IGDB_Creation.png)
```

5. Click ***Create*** to create the application.
6. You will now be taken back to the **Applications** screen, select ***Manage*** next to the application you just created.
7. Copy the ****Client ID**** near the bottom of the page.
8. Select **New Secret** to generate a client secret for us to use.
9. Copy both of these somewhere for safe keeping, we will need them later.  Obviously do not share these with anyone, the demo values here were removed after success.

> ![](assets\IGDB_Secret.png)

Reviewer: Consider either blurring these values or editing them to be obviously fake. Not just for your own account safety (I assume you deleted this app), but to make it more obvious that the reader needs to go make their own values.

(never underestimate the public's ability to misinterpret.)

##### Getting a MobyGames Key

> This will allow you to generate a key to pull the metadata for your roms using MobyGames. *Not Required*

Reviewer: Again, if IGDB and MobyGames are either/or/both options, we should explain that better.

> To Be Implemented

##### Generating the Secret Key

> This step will generate a key that is used in the authorization of RomM.  Without this, you will be unable to log in and use the platform.  This step **must** be done on the machine that will be hosting RomM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step will generate a key that is used in the by RomM to gain authorized access to the MobyGames API.  Without this, you will be unable to log in and use the platform.  This step **must** be done on the machine that will be hosting RomM.
```

Or something to that affect.

Author: I am unclear about this comment - the ROMM_SECRET_KEY is for logging into ROMM, it has no relevance on MobyGames integration.

1. On the machine that will host RomM, launch the terminal.

> 2. Run the following command. ```openssl rand -hex 32```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following command:

    ```sh
    openssl rand -hex 32
    ```

> 3. Copy the output and save it with your **Client ID** and **Client Secret** from the previous step.

Reviewer: Save it where? To what file, in what format?

![](assets\OpenSSL.png)

---

### Build

Now that we have everything gathered, we can begin getting your instance set up!

> 1. Download a copy of the latest docker-compose.example.yml file from GitHub.

Reviewer: Good place for a link.
